4.1 blur_1.py:
Works nicely, image gets blurred and runs in about the expected time.
I think it would be nice to be able to blur an arbitrary image
when running it as a script so I added this feature and to the other scripts.

In your code you have an inner loop:
"for i in range(9):
    intensity += image_[h + dh[i] + 1, w + dw[i] + 1, c]"
Here you're summing each of the neighbors.
This seems a bit redundant to me and increases the time complexity.
However, it doesn't really change the runtime too much.
I left the main implementation unchanged.
I thought your approach was a bit weird at first but it makes sense,
I think some more explicit variable names would help with
making it more approachable, so I changed them a bit too.

I also added a minor module docstring.

4.2 blur_2.py:
Works nicely, image gets blurred and runs in about the expected time.
I made some of the same changes with command line input and docstring
for this one.
I think your implementation is good, but for the sake of improvement
we can eliminate the for-loop entirely using slices and vectorization.
This actually provides a 2x speedup.
I tested with cProfile that your implementation ran in 22ms, while
the new one runs in 11ms.

4.3 blur_3.py:
Works nicely, image gets blurred and runs in about the expected time.
Added the same command line option as the others.

I don't think there's any point to changing the implementation itself,
because numba handles loops well.
I think it was a nice touch to use njit to parallelize the application of
the convolution since the calculation of each pixel and channel is independent.

4.5 blur.py:
The interface works great, I can call "python3 blur.py -h" to get the usage
along with helpful explanations.
The rest works like you explained in the README.
All implementations work too.
Since you're using argparse, I don't feel like the module needs a docstring.

4.6:
The package files themselves look fine to me, but I can't actually install
the package. I don't know if this is due to my environment or whatever.
I thought it might be that the folder with the package had the same name as the
actual package, so I renamed it, but it still couldn't be installed.

4.7 blur_faces.py:
Added a docstring explaining what the script does.
This line was really hard to understand and it makes it so the script just
blurs the faces 300 times which seems arbitrary to me so I changed it
to simply stop when faces aren't detected any more.
"subsections = [[r, c, h, w] for i in range(300) for c, r, w, h in faces]"
This should also make the script work on arbitrary images, while
blurring an image 300 times could potentially not be enough to make a face
detector fail on another image.
